feat: change visitors API (#131)
Redocly/openapi-cli: docs/CUSTOM_VISITORS.md

  }

  OpenAPIOperation_enter(node, typeDef, ctx) {
    if (!node.description) {

>       return [ctx.createError(`The field 'description' must be present on this level`), 'key')];

Reviewer: What does `'key'` mean?

  }

  // register visitor on a new type OpenAPIParameterPartial
  OpenAPIParameterPartial(node, type, ctx) {
    const result = [];
    let validators = {};
    if (Object.keys(node).length === 1 && node.description) {
      // reuse existing code for fields for structural rules code by name
      validators = {
        description: ctx.getRule('oas3-schema/parameter').validators.description,
      };
    } else {
      // reuse existing code for fields for structural rules code by name
      validators = {
        ...ctx.getRule('oas3-schema/parameter').validators,
      };
    }

    const fieldMessages = ctx.validateFieldsHelper(validators);
    result.push(...fieldMessages);
    
    // example of some custom validations (just as an example)
    if (node.in && node.in !== 'header') {
      ctx.path.push('in');

>       result.push(ctx.createError('Only header parameters can be extended with allOf', 'key'));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      result.push(ctx.createError('Only header parameters can be extended with allOf.', 'key'));
```

    this.maxItems = config.maxItems || 2;
  }

  OpenAPIParameterWithAllOf(node, definition, ctx) {
    const result = [];
    if (node.allOf.length > this.maxItems) {
      ctx.path.push('allOf');

>       result.push(ctx.createError(`Do not use more that ${this.maxItems} items in allOf for OpenAPI Parameter`, 'key'));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      result.push(ctx.createError(`Do not use more than ${this.maxItems} items in allOf for OpenAPI Parameter`, 'key'));
```
